Known Amendments updates for 1.9.x (#1409)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/consensus-network/amendments/known-amendments.ja.md

XRP Ledger内のEscrowにXRPの「停止された支払い」機能を提供します。これには[Interledger Protocol Crypto-Conditions](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-thomas-crypto-conditions-02)のサポートが含まれます。停止された支払い用のレジャーオブジェクトタイプと、停止された支払いを作成、実行、取り消すためのトランザクションタイプを新規作成します。

## ExpandedSignerList
[ExpandedSignerList]: #expandedsignerlist

| Amendment ID                                                     | ステータス |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|
| B2A4DB846F0891BF2C76AB2F2ACC8F5B4EC64437135C6E56F3F859DE5FFD5856 | 投票中 |

<!-- TODO: translate description -->

> This amendment expands the maximum signer list size allows each signer to have optional data associated with it. The additional data can be used to identify the signer, which may be useful for smart contracts, or for identifying who controls a key in a large organization: for example, you could store an IPv6 address or the identifier of a Hardware Security Module (HSM).

Reviewer: ... maximum signer list size __and__ allows ...?

> This amendment expands the maximum signer list size allows each signer to have optional data associated with it. The additional data can be used to identify the signer, which may be useful for smart contracts, or for identifying who controls a key in a large organization: for example, you could store an IPv6 address or the identifier of a Hardware Security Module (HSM).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This amendment expands the maximum signer list size and allows each signer to have optional data associated with it. The additional data can be used to identify the signer, which may be useful for smart contracts, or for identifying who controls a key in a large organization: for example, you could store an IPv6 address or the identifier of a Hardware Security Module (HSM).
```

この修正を有効にした場合、SetRegularKeyトランザクションはレギュラーキーがマスターキーに一致するよう設定できないため、そのようなトランザクションでは、トランザクションコードが`temBAD_REGKEY`になります。また、この修正により、署名検証コードが変更されるため、レギュラーキーがマスターキーに一致するよう_すでに_設定しているアカウントは、そのキーペアを使用して正常にトランザクションを送信できます。

## fixNFTokenDirV1
[fixNFTokenDirV1]: #fixnftokendirv1

| Amendment ID                                                     | ステータス |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|
| 0285B7E5E08E1A8E4C15636F0591D87F73CB6A7B6452A932AD72BBC8E5D1CBE3 | 投票中 |

<!-- TODO: translate description -->

> This amendment fixes an off-by-one error that occurred in some corner cases when determining which `NFTokenPage` an `NFToken` object belongs on. It also adjusts the constraints of `NFTokenPage` invariant checks, so that certain error cases fail with a suitable error code such as `tecNO_SUITABLE_TOKEN_PAGE` instead of failing with a `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` error code.

Reviewer: The second sentence is not quite right.  Perhaps something like this?

This amendment fixes errors that occurred in some corner cases when determining which `NFTokenPage` an `NFToken` object belongs on. Prior to the fix the errors would cause  a `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` error code.  With the fixes either no error occurs, or a more suitable error code is generated such as `tecNO_SUITABLE_TOKEN_PAGE`.  The invariant checking for `NFTokenPage` is also expanded yet further to cover more possible error conditions.

| B4E4F5D2D6FB84DF7399960A732309C9FD530EAE5941838160042833625A6076 | 有効 |

<!-- TODO: translate amendment description -->
Implements a "Negative UNL" system, where the network can track which validators are temporarily offline and disregard those validators for quorum calculations. This can improve the ability of the network to make progress during periods of network instability.

## NonFungibleTokensV1
[NonFungibleTokensV1]: #nonfungibletokensv1

| Amendment ID                                                     | ステータス |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:---------|
| 3C43D9A973AA4443EF3FC38E42DD306160FBFFDAB901CD8BAA15D09F2597EB87 | 開発中 |

<!-- TODO: translate description -->
Adds native support for non-fungible tokens. Standards Draft: [XLS-20d](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/discussions/46). <!-- SPELLING_IGNORE: xls, 20d -->

> **Warning:** There is a known issue with this amendment that can cause `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` errors to appear in the ledger. The [fixNFTokenDirV1][] amendment fixes these issues and should be enabled first to avoid problems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Warning:** There is a known issue with this amendment that can cause `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` errors to appear in the ledger. The [fixNFTokenDirV1][] amendment fixes these issues and should be enabled before the NonFungibleTokensV1 amendment to avoid problems.
```
